Create markdown pages for docs site (#43)
onflow/flow-js-testing: docs/accounts.md

---
title: Account Management
sidebar_title: Accounts
description: How to manage accounts addresses
---

> Accounts are generated on Flow and not derived from private key. This creates an issue for testing, since 
> you need to create actors in a specific order to use their addresses properly.
> 
> In order to reduce this friction we made a handy method `getAccountAddress`, which allows you to access specific address 
> by it is alias. This way you can think about actual actors - let's say usual crypto "suspects" `Alice` and `Bob` -  and 
> not which address they have.
> 
> It also helps you to write tests in sequential and non-sequential way, since calling the method with the same 
> alias again will return existing address without creating new account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flow accounts are not derived from a private key. This creates an issues for testing, since 
you need to create actors in a specific order to use their addresses properly.

In order to reduce this friction we made a handy method `getAccountAddress`, which allows you to access specific address using an alias. This way you can think about actual actors - for example `Alice` and `Bob` -  without needing to know their Flow addresses.

It also helps you to write tests in a sequential or non-sequential way. Calling this method for the first time will create a new account and return the address. Calling it a second time with the same alias again will return the Flow address for that account, without creating new account. 
```

### getAccountAddress(name: string)

Resolves name alias to a Flow address (`0x` prefixed).

> If account with specific name has not been previously accessed framework will first create a new one and  then store 
> it under provided alias. 
> Next time when you call this method, it will grab exactly the same account. This allows you to create several accounts first
> and then use them throughout your code, without worrying that accounts match or trying to store/handle specific addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an account with a specific name has not been previously accessed, the framework will create a new one and  then store it under the provided alias. 
Next time when you call this method, it will grab exactly the same account. This allows you to create several accounts up-front and then use them throughout your code, without worrying that accounts match or trying to store and manage specific addresses.
```
